# ~scout reports:

polygons in the shores
displacements in the land
normals where there were once waves
vectors in the winds
shadows in the firmament
\
cells flutter in the display
billboarders catch in the lens
bitmaps dance in the peripheral
details levelled at each listener
mono memos of meso moments
\
echoes of every thing
under this wrong moon; 
sojourner at full bloom.

***

it dreams 
\
on a plastic plane, recollecting how to be a shore. 
\
the sea a mirror, unmoved by a silent moon. not that one, an other.
\
its footsteps are quickly forgotten, despite the stillness.

***

it follows lonely blips to a black box in the sand.
\
turning the box over with a hand, revealing an inky dot-matrix display which indicates [NaN] on all the climate metrics. it picks up the box and the dots are backlit and arrange themselves into a friendly face :] 
\
modular interfaces start to fold out each side. 
one: a jittery vector display in a friendly orange with a knob either of it. a stereolithic antennae pokes out the top of the module, noise crackles from earphones wrapped around them. 
two: a hazy cellular display in warm fungal colours is unveiled on the top-side, forming an image from a lens that folds out of the farthest side. 
three: green phosphorous haze escapes from geometric cracks splitting the box's opposite side, but the module fails to fold out entirely, stuck as a half-realised aluminium origami insect.

***

it holds the box at waist-height and focuses on the top-down-viewfinder. aged chemicals display colours that it can't perceive in the landscape. it viewfinds the horizon over the sea. as it walks, silhouettes of an abandoned offshore carnival seem to follow its perspective - shadows stuck without light.

***

it plays with the knobs and tunes in to a quietly comforting signal in one earphone, warm chords on a nylon guitar. the vectorscope resembles a compass, with noise in each quadrant but where the signal seems to be located - North, if that means anything - or, up the coast from where it started. as it wanders and homes in on the signal, it sights a fleck of earthy red sticking out of the sand. it fossicks and uncovers a mask of a kind monster; tusky smile below empty eye-holes and horns curved downwards, all rendered in thin, red-orange plastic.

***

the climate dot-display lights up, excitedly flits into a description of a scent: 
> ethereal lilac fougere and gleaming leather with ti leaf, tonka absolute, white musk, and oudh

***

wearing the mask and looking through the viewfinder, it focuses on where it came from and spots a soft figure shifting down the shore. as it gets closer, it scrutes the great furry thing as probably an orangutanimatronic, but with a gaping hole instead of a face it's hard to be sure. it's rocking back and forth, swinging its arms, now hurling waves of palm-sized coins from its face-hole, each one echoing "should you need us" when it hits the sand, clashing and cacophonous, seemingly endless, but before long the coins run out, and the monster lowers to its knees.

***

it approaches the monster, lowering its lack-of-face. it crawls inside, hugs itself, rolls into fetal position. the comforting signal spreads to stereo, mother's voice singing in the other channel. fur spreads to whole landscape, wraps itself inside out.  the word for world is warming.